all over the developing world getting
health care to those who need it is a
challenge especially in the remote areas
obviously here in Guatemala I'm going
out with Ricardo Pedro and Julio getting
your gifts of cares for mothers and
babies to those who need it ok off you
go high in the hills halfway between
Santa Maria chicky mola
and chichi Costin Ango 24 mothers with
26 babies and infants rely on the
medical care advice and nutritional
supplements supplied by the parish of
land natividad's outreach day since
kappahd started supporting this work in
2010 your donations have helped to treat
almost 250 children for acute
malnutrition tell us what kind of help
you've had from the program we receive
help through the infant program it's for
the children
to make sure they're well fed they get
weighed and measured every month and
also when they're ill we receive
medicines with under this mean battle a
broader
as well as healthcare vaccinations and
the like and advice and education I'm
good practicing health they also bring
round food parcels to try and balance
the nutrition so we got rice what we've
got here looks like lentils is that
that's the kind of a a nutritious
porridge with added vitamins in and
inside here is a turkey spam which are
quite fancy myself I must admit
so without the program life would be
very difficult yes life is very
difficult for us because we don't get
help from anywhere else through the
program we were receiving help and
feeding our children we didn't get help
from anywhere except through the infant
program does any mean dusting of
residues so just 30 pounds buys the best
chance of good health for a mom and baby
for in this case the first five years of
the kid's life now that's some gift I'm
sure you'll agree yes good yep
you